- [Woman] Now let us take a look at the use case
that we are going to implement as part of the post request.
This is my application when I click on
the new user hyperlink.
There's a registry user form that opens up.
So the user could fill out the fields
of username, password, first name, last name, age
and an activity.
And then when the user submits this form,
they going to submit it using the POST request.
Once the request is submitted,
we are just going to save this entire record to the database
Right, so let's get started with this.
The steps will be, we will stick with the approach.
We use the action on the jsp html,
from there we go to a servlet,
from the servlet we call the dao,
and the dao is going to talk to the database.
So the dao is going to help us insert that record
into one of the tables of our schemer.
Let's take a look at
our application.
This is that registered html page,
and all the fields that you saw as a part of the form
are in compassion to this form element.
So you have the username, password, first name, last name,
age, and the activity that you choose.
Each of these elements have the name property
that has been given.
And these are the names that we want to use
in order to fetch the values inside our servlet cord.
Right.
Once we fill out all the fields
we going to submit this form by other POST request.
So let's go ahead and see the steps.
The first one is write the register user servlet class
with the doPost method,
and inside that we going to collect all the form data,
and pass it to the dao layer.
So let's go to eclipse.
The registered user servlet is ready with me
in the form of a template.
I've extended the http servlet class
and I've also provided a url pattern
while the addition of configuration.
Now let's come here and collect all the form data.
So I'm going to say
string username equal to on the request object
You can just go on and call the getParameter API
and feed the name of the element to get the respective value
The same thing I can do for the password.
So I just have to change these names.
So I copy line number 18
and pasted it on line number 19
and I'm just going to change the names of the fields now.
Again, I copy the same line on
Line number 20.
So let me get this.
And this one will be for the first name.
So the name of the element for first name is F name.
Again, we do it for the last name.
Pasted my line on line number 21
and let me rename this as the last name.
The name field for last name is L name.
I do the same thing for activity.
Let me change this name
and the field name for activity is activity itself.
Lastly for the age,
Age is an integer field
So what we're going to do is
we going to take an integer variable
and I'm going to use the integer rapid class called java
to come word the incoming value of age into value.
So what I'll do is I will say
Integer which is a rapper
dot parseInt
I'm going to invoke the parseInt API
and to do this API
I'm going to pass that string value that
is coming out of that request parameter.
Which is this.
Right, so this is how we've collected all the data
inside our servlet.
Now as I said,
we going to stick to the object integer design.
So I'm going to fill up all this information
into a user bean.
I've already cleared that user bean in my project.
This is what it looks like.
A very simple java bean.
Which is called
password, username, first name, last name, age
and activity fields
along with all the getters and setters
and you also may opt to write out any constructor
that you feel that you want to use for your future purposes
So this bean is ready with me.
Let me go to the registered user servlet
and fill up all of this information into that user bean
So I'm going to create an instance of that.
Saying new user
and use the parameter constructor to quickly fill up
all the information in one single shot.
Right, so we've collected all the form data
and we filled it up in the user object.
Now let's call the dao from here as well.
So I'm going to create an instance of the application dao.
Right.
We are ready with it.
So we now need to write a method in the application dao
to insert user the data.
We'll look at that in the next video.